# Ethics?  You have to be kidding me?

I must admit that when I first heard about Ethics I was thinking it wasn't for "me".  
But then I started with Rachel's course and I was hooked on the first session of disinformation.
Then I get to chapter 3 of the book and find myself immersed in a topic that I never gave a second thought.
It dawned on me that everyone, and I mean EVERYONE has been discriminated from the family, social, work force.

And then it dawned on me, I'm already biased.  AND I get biased information, let alone the other things that Rachel was describing.
Have you ever signed up to Medium and got their Medium Daily Digest?

Do you wonder that they serve content based on your recent readings?  Is this good?  Maybe?
But then its only encouraging one side of the story.
On Monday, 9/1/2020 I got a curated email:
```
Coronavirus May Be a Blood Vessel Disease, Which Explains Everything
```
But after attending session 1 from the Data Ethics course, I just type in title-fact check and quickly find out:

```
Coronaviruses are a large family of viruses that are known to cause illness 
ranging from the common cold to more severe diseases such as 
Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS) and 
Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS).
```

So no, not a blood vessel disease, but it was interesting that I would get this from Medium.
But then again, maybe Medium is trapped by their own recommendation algorithms without fact checking.
But who would fact check Medium?  Not me.  But should we?

Today's Medium curation gave me:
```
A Supercomputer Analyzed Covid-19 — and an Interesting New Theory Has Emerged
A closer look at the Bradykinin hypothesis
```
What I find when I google search the second line is a whole slew of articles, but most link back to this article as TRUTH.

So what to do?  Put these articles to rest?  Continue to cite them as truth?
Ah I know, subscribe to Medium for $5/month just like they want me to and then begin to write my own "stories" so they can sell more subscriptions.

Ah, but maybe I know the backdoor??!?!
I'm wondering if I can take my skills that I'm learning and get compensated for writing that will pay for the membership by gaming their own system.

Oh the things I would do if it wasn't for....ethics. (sigh)

Until we read again!

Andy

